Are all VPN providers as shady as they seem?
Are the Distrowatch rankings worth the pixels they are rendered on?
Are there any things that you are irrationality frugal/tight/stingy with?
Are we going to make it off this planet?
Are we living in a simulation?
Are you willing to alienate your friends and family in an attempt to convince them of your convictions?
Bath or shower?
Beer/cider: warm or flat?
Can Linux on the desktop ever succeed without a full ecosystem?
Can mobile Linux ever succeed?
Can you just jump right in to each type of task, or do you have a ritual before?
Can you still appreciate the songs or work of someone who turns out to be a baddy?
Do any songs trigger you to cry?
Do April Fool’s Day tech “jokes” annoy you?
Does the pronunciation of words like "Ubuntu" matter in the slightest?
Does your car have a name?
Dogs or cats?
Do new users still need to learn how to use the command line?
Do people really want all the drama to calm down?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in karma?
Do you cheat in video games?
Do you ever get imposter syndrome?
Do you ever use default folders like documents, pictures, music etc?
do you get annoyed by people who use "last seen recently"?
Do you go to sleep in silence, or listen to stuff?
Do you have a 'Sliding Doors' moment in your past?
Do you need to structure your free time in order not to waste it?
Do you own a 2d printer? What was the last thing you printed out?
Do you own a TV?
Do you prefer reading physical books or digital books and why?
Do you read everything or follow all the people?
do you share any accounts or passwords with your partner?
Do you swear in front of your family and, if not, why not?
Folding phones: dumb idea or dumbest idea?
Has there been anything in your life that you regret starting but never finishing?
Has your music taste changed significantly compared to being a teenager?
Have you ever been banned from a community?
Have you ever had a genius idea that turned out to be spectacularly unoriginal?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend?
Have you ever met your own doppelganger?
Have you ever struggled with the paralysis of choice?
Have you ever wanted to succeed at something, people havent supported you, and its made you want to succeed even more?
Have you thought about moving to the USA?
Hoodies: zip or no zip?
How can you be remembered in a thousand years without being evil?
How do I convince my employer to adopt open source software?
How do we get normal people to use proper passwords and backups?
How do we turn more users into contributors?
How do you balance embracing new tech with planning for its obsolescence?
How do you deal with splitting up money with friends after a group trip/bbq/dinner?
How do you dispose of your old hard drives for security purposes?
How do you exit ssh connections?
How do you feel when someone chimes in online with "well, actually…"?
How do you forgive yourself?
How do you manage apps on your smartphone?
How do you prepare your coffee?
How many communication channels is it possible to keep up with?
How many domain names do you own?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
How many podcasts do you listen to?
How much do you spend getting your hair cut and how often?
How much time do you spend outside?
How often do you clean your tech and with what tools?
How often do you try to help someone online, only to have that person get pissed off when they dont like your troubleshooting questions?
How would the distro landscape change if Ubuntu didn't allow other distros to use their infrastructure/repos?
How would you feel if cash went away?
Hypothetically speaking, do you think it was easier to be unfaithful in a relationship 20 years ago or now?
If an application you want is not available in your distro’s repo, which community package would you choose and why?
If humans were code and you could patch a bug/feature/issue which exists in most humans, what would it be, and what would you "fix"?
If Windows was released as open source, would you start using it?
If you are going to be stuck on an isolated island for a couple of years with no internet, but with a power source and computer, which OS/distro would you choose?
If you could choose one piece of software or a service to go open source what would it be?
If you could get rid of summer and winter and just have a single meh season, would you do it?
If you could levitate but it was as much physical effort as sprinting, how often would you do it?
If you couldnt pick any of your top 3 linux distributions, which one would you pick next for personal use?
If you could only watch one film for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you ended up in a situation where you had to prove you’re not the clone or evil twin, how would you do it?
If you had to choose between contributing to an Ubuntu flavour or the desktop environment it uses, which do you contribute to?
If you had to switch to a different distro, what would it be?
If you knew could definitely get away with one crime, what would it be?
If you're wedded to a concept or axiom for your job, is there any way you can be objective about criticism of your field?
If your preferred search engine offered a function to exclude all websites utilizing anything other than HTML and CSS - would you use it?
If you send someone a message and it disturbs them, whose fault is it?
If you started working at a company and could only choose Mac or Windows, which would be the less painful choice?
If you were given $1,000 for every person you shared your master password with, how many people would you share it with?
If you were to learn a foreign language, which one would it be and why?
if you witness a petty crime, should you intervene?
Ignore, mute, or block?
In 20 years time, with all its tech, will we be happier?
In an ever-shrinking world, should we drop tradition and use the easiest and most logical spellings and pronunciations?
Is art overpriced?
Is free will an illusion?
Is it better to ask permission or beg forgiveness?
Is it ok to pirate abandonware?
Is it OK to throw stuff in other people’s bins?
Is it really Open Source software if it’s not developed collaboratively?
Is it right for tech companies to silence right wing crazies?
Is it time to give Microsoft the benefit of the doubt on their Linux love?
Is it time to stop ignoring the vast silent majority of Linux users?
Is it time to stop making new Linux distros?
Is it wrong to take the blame when it's not your fault?
Is Linux on Windows the real future of Linux on the desktop?
Is Linux (or FOSS) the vegan option within software?
Is recycling worth the effort?
Is social media a good thing?
Is technological change really accelerating?
Is the gig economy good or bad?
Is there any food you won't eat? Even in an emergency?
Is there any software which is feature complete that you use on a regular basis?
Is there anything you close your eyes while doing that other people might think is odd?
Is there more good or bad in the world?
Is turkey dinner really worth the effort?
Is universal basic income a good idea?
It’s common for someone to have only used Windows or Mac, but what traits do you think people who have only used Linux would have?
Pain for principles - where's your threshold?
Should all drugs be legal?
Should humans spend billions on space exploration while so many people live in poverty?
Should we apply a git-style approach to improve laws?
Should we refuse to take money from anyone we may object to?
Should you prepare for the apocalypse?
Should you “yes, and” life?
Somewhere there’s a sliding scale in your mind of when a partner deserves to be in on a choice. Where does that begin and why?
Thoughts on Dungeons and Dragons?
Thoughts on meditation and mindfulness?
Top bunk or bottom bunk?
What are the best and worst parts of living the dream?
What are you afraid of?
What are you going to call this show when its no longer new?
What are your favourite and least favourite memes?
what are your pet hates?
What characters should be allowed in a file name?
What chore/job at home do you postpone, yet when you complete it its satisfying?
What desirable tech does everyone else want, but you don't see the point of?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What does it take to be a proper Linux distro?
What does the increasing popularity of Arm mean for Linux users?
What do you do to feel better when you feel upset?
What do you do when you see someone you know making an obvious mistake?
What do you hoard, but probably shouldn't?
What do you imagine people are doing when your messages suddenly stop being read for a couple of minutes?
What do you miss most from before “the event”, and once it’s over whats the biggest change in society youd most like to see?
What do you owe to upstream?
What do you see as the typical Linux desktop user?
What future tech that you are excited about is likely to happen in 100 years?
What gives a Linux distro that feeling of polish?
What innovation should have changed the world, but didn't?
What is likely to knock YouTube off its iron throne?
What is love?
What is the longest youve gone without showering or bathing?
What is the main difference for you in having a 1-on-1 remote video call with a friend vs hanging out in real life?
What is your favorite bash alias? If you aren't heavy alias users - why?
What is your ideal phone display size?
What is your worst or most expensive destroyed equipment event?
What kind of printer cartridges do you buy?
What Linux-related opinion makes you completely disregard anything that person says?
What one application is completely missing on Linux?
What one meal could you live on for the rest of your life?
What’s in your conference bag?
What sleep tech do you use?
What’s missing from Linux and open source conferences?
What’s something you own that has a computer in it that you wish didn’t?
What's the best bargain you've ever acquired?
What's the best decade for music?
What's the best movie you've only seen once?
Whats the best smell and whats the worst smell?
What's the best thing to happen in IT since you started using computers?
What’s the best way to organise the finances for a FOSS project?
What's the difference between UX and UI and why do you get so annoyed when people confuse them or lump them together?
What’s the first thing you’d do if you won the lottery?
What's the most popular movie you've never seen?
What's the most ridiculous pipe dream you've ever had?
What’s the most useless job that you’d still be willing to do?
What's the one bit of Linux advice you'd give yourself if you could go back to the start of your journey?
What’s the one part of the Linux stack that never gets any love?
What's the one thing you wish you could do well but are terrible at?
Whats the tipping point where you would fork a project?
What's the worst book you've ever read?
What’s your advice for someone who wants to turn being a Linux &amp; Open Source hobbyist into a career of some sort?
What's your best life hack?
What's your biggest claim to fame?
What's your biggest or most significant tech blunder?
What's your favorite photograph?
What's your favorite thing about your least favorite season, and your least favorite thing about your favorite season?
What's your favourite colour and why?
Whats your favourite song and why?
Whats your favourite thing?
What’s your longest uptime on a non-server Linux system?
What's your most commonly used emoji?
What's your take on the Fermi Paradox?
What's your unusual &quot;fingernails on chalkboard&quot; equivalent?
What's your worst habit?
What was the first computer you ever used?
What will self-driving cars be called?
What will tech disrupt next?
What will the next form of social interaction online look like?
What would make you delete your Twitter account?
When describing a dream, how many sentences are too many?
When do you think you’ll buy your first electric car?
Where do you draw the line between security and convenience?
Which hugely popular apps or websites do you just not get?
Who would be the Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond of the podcast?
Why are ThinkPads so good?
Why did you start using Linux?
Why don't you believe in God or follow a religion?
Why do you prefer Twitter over Facebook?
Why is hardware support so terrible?
Why isn’t AppImage part of the larger universal packaging discussion?
Will desktop Linux ever make money?
Will polarised politics last forever?
With better technology, why don’t we necessarily see better art?
Without security through obscurity, would Linux make for a more secure desktop than Windows etc?
Wouldnt a dual-boot pre-installation option actually be more likely to encourage nervous newbies to safely try out Linux?
Would the Web/Internet be better or worse if the concept of copy and paste had never been invented?
Would you eat "clean meat"?
Would you ever subscribe to a paywalled podcast?
Would you pay a one off fee to use Linux and if so, how much?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather be old and rich or young and poor?
Would you rather travel a thousand years into the past or the future?
Would you ride in an automated car that has no human input or override?
