What’s something you own that has a computer in it that you wish didn’t?
Would you pay a one off fee to use Linux and if so, how much?
Can you still appreciate the songs or work of someone who turns out to be a baddy?
Why are ThinkPads so good?
Would you rather travel a thousand years into the past or the future?
What’s your advice for someone who wants to turn being a Linux &amp; Open Source hobbyist into a career of some sort?
Do you prefer reading physical books or digital books and why?
If you are going to be stuck on an isolated island for a couple of years with no internet, but with a power source and computer, which OS/distro would you choose?
Is it OK to throw stuff in other people’s bins?
How do you exit ssh connections?
Are you willing to alienate your friends and family in an attempt to convince them of your convictions?
Is art overpriced?
What’s your longest uptime on a non-server Linux system?
In 20 years time, with all its tech, will we be happier?
Whats your favourite song and why?
If you couldnt pick any of your top 3 linux distributions, which one would you pick next for personal use?
Do you cheat in video games?
Who would be the Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond of the podcast?
Have you ever wanted to succeed at something, people havent supported you, and its made you want to succeed even more?
What do you imagine people are doing when your messages suddenly stop being read for a couple of minutes?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Wouldnt a dual-boot pre-installation option actually be more likely to encourage nervous newbies to safely try out Linux?
What chore/job at home do you postpone, yet when you complete it its satisfying?
What are you going to call this show when its no longer new?
What is the main difference for you in having a 1-on-1 remote video call with a friend vs hanging out in real life?
Are we living in a simulation?
If you could levitate but it was as much physical effort as sprinting, how often would you do it?
If you could choose one piece of software or a service to go open source what would it be?
Has there been anything in your life that you regret starting but never finishing?
How often do you try to help someone online, only to have that person get pissed off when they dont like your troubleshooting questions?
What is your worst or most expensive destroyed equipment event?
Whats your favourite thing?
What do you see as the typical Linux desktop user?
If you ended up in a situation where you had to prove you’re not the clone or evil twin, how would you do it?
What is your ideal phone display size?
Do you believe in karma?
